[GEOS-11649] Layer service enablement welcome page and doc fixes (#8174)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/configuration/virtual-services.rst

       ...
      <FeatureType xmlns:topp="http://www.openplans.org/topp">
       <Name>topp:tasmania_water_bodies</Name>
       ...
      <FeatureType xmlns:topp="http://www.openplans.org/topp">
       <Name>topp:states</Name>
       ...
    </wfs:WFS_Capabilities>

The above feature types correspond to those configured on the server as part of the ``topp`` workspace.

The consequence of a virtual service is not only limited to the capabilities document of the service. When a client accesses a virtual service it is restricted to only those layers for all operations. For instance, consider the following WFS feature request::

  http://localhost:8080/geoserver/topp/wfs?request=GetFeature&typename=tiger:roads

The above request results in an exception. Since the request feature type ``tiger:roads`` is not in the ``topp`` workspace the client will receive an error stating that the requested feature type does not exist.

Configuring workspace services
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Workspace services can be configured to override service configuration for an individual workspace.

.. figure:: /data/webadmin/img/workspace_services.png
   
   Workspace services

> Each workspace service can be configureed with their own title, abstract and service settings. This can also be used to enable/disable specific services on a workspace by workspace basis to control what virtual services are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each workspace service can be configured with their own title, abstract and service settings. This can also be used to enable/disable specific services on a workspace by workspace basis to control what virtual services are available.
```

   
   Workspace Service Settings
   
For more information see :ref:`workspace_services`.

.. _virtual_layer_services:

Layer services
--------------

It is possible to further filter a global service by specifying the name of layer as part of the virtual service. For instance consider the following capabilities document:: 

   http://localhost:8080/geoserver/topp/states/wfs?request=GetCapabilities

The part of interest is the ``states`` prefix to the wfs service. The above url results in the following capabilities document that contains a single feature type::

  <wfs:WFS_Capabilities>
  
    <FeatureType xmlns:topp="http://www.openplans.org/topp">
     <Name>topp:states</Name>
     ...
  <wfs:WFS_Capabilities>
  
Configuring layer services
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Layer services use the configuration provided by :ref:`workspace services <workspace_services>`, or default :ref:`global services <services>`.

Additionally you may choose to :ref:`disable specific layer services <data_webadmin_layers_services>` to control which virtual services are available.

  .. figure:: /data/webadmin/img/service_layer.png

     Disabled Services Settings

> WMS Configuration offers configuration of :ref:`data_webadmin_layers_root` when only a single layer is to be listed for a layer service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WMS Configuration offers configuration of :ref:`data_webadmin_layers_root` only when a single layer is to be listed for a layer service. 
```

Global services
---------------

.. _global_services_off:

Turning off global services
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> It is possible to completely restrict access to the global OWS services by adjusing :ref:`config_globalsettings_global`. When global access is disabled OWS services may only occur through a virtual workspace or layer service. Any client that tries to access a service globally will receive an exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to completely restrict access to the global OWS services by adjusing :ref:`config_globalsettings_global`. When global access is disabled OWS services may only occur through a virtual workspace or layer service. Any client that tries to access a service globally (i.e. not via a '/workspace' or '/workspace/layer' url) will receive an exception.
```

Isolated Workspaces
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When publishing XML content each FeatureType is expected to be published into a unique XML Namespace. Isolated workspaces allow GeoServer to configure two workspaces with the same XML Namespace with some restrictions outlined below to ensure there is no opportunity for namespace conflict.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When publishing XML content each FeatureType is expected to be published into an XML Namespace. Isolated workspaces allow GeoServer to configure two workspaces with the same XML Namespace with some restrictions outlined below to ensure there is no opportunity for namespace conflict.
```

> When publishing XML content each FeatureType is expected to be published into a unique XML Namespace. Isolated workspaces allow GeoServer to configure two workspaces with the same XML Namespace with some restrictions outlined below to ensure there is no opportunity for namespace conflict.

Reviewer: this is confusing - perhaps say something along the lines that, normally, a workspace equals a xml namespace.  However, there is a special way to have workspaces with features in the same XML namespace.

Author: I had a go at using more words. It is a case where it is obvious to those familiar with XML, and annoying for everyone else.

> When publishing XML content each FeatureType is expected to be published into a unique XML Namespace. Isolated workspaces allow GeoServer to configure two workspaces with the same XML Namespace with some restrictions outlined below to ensure there is no opportunity for namespace conflict.

Author: ```suggestion
When publishing XML content each FeatureType is published into an XML Namespace. This allows a layer with the same name to be differentiated as they end up with a unique qualified name (of the form `<namespace>:<layer-name>`) in an  an XML document.  Isolated workspaces allow GeoServer to configure two workspaces with the same XML Namespace, with some restrictions outlined below to ensure there is no opportunity for namespace conflict.
```
